This is the first week of class i am starting with very limited knowledge of ditigal history. As a kid born in digital era, it has been always been part of my life for as far as I can remember, therefore, it makes me take it for granted most of the time. I never payed attention on its history nor the revolution even though when I started the course, i realized how much it has been changed and improved throughout time and how great it could be in the future. I am very excited to learn the insights of digital history in terms of where it all started, how it became what it is today, significant turning points, people, the interaction with the world and of course eye-opening perspectives or approaches.
Despite I was born in digital age, I am still not an expert on technology, I do not follow the newest generation of computer or smartphone becuase they are upgrading too fast for me to catch up. We are at the beginning of the class and it has already been challenging for me, the instructions were a little complicated for me and setting up multitple brand new platforms that i have never used before confused me a bit. i still don't know if I am doing it right. I always prefer old fashioned ways of doing assignemnts and exams but the reason i chose this course is because I wanted to challenge myself see if I can deal with the "chaos" and make it out alright.
There might be something wrong with my server or the steps, I found that I couldn't open the discod link even though i tried multipe times beofre it expire. Also i was lost on Github and felt overwhelmed becasue I did not know where to go or what to do. The instructions provided by professor Graham were very helpful, despite sometimes there are issues popping up in the setting process. i look forward to learn more about how to make use of these platforms and the revolution of digital history in terms of how it is combined with society, policy and humanity. 
